See if you can catch it
This is my last chance.
Haha Lin Lin Shao
Why are you here?
Liu Qingxue and Xiao Chen from your Liu family
You made me look like this
Why do you think I'm here?
Master Lin, this has nothing to do with our Liu family.
Liu Qingxue that bitch
I have been expelled from the Liu family forever
Xiao Chen, isn't that our Liu family?
Hey, give it to them.
Hey you oh oh
Lin Shao, you know
It has nothing to do with us, right?
It's all Xiao Chen
Xiao Chen, that dog thing, he kidnapped my Qingxue
We have always been on your side
I vaguely hope that my Qingxue will marry you
I also hope that you will look at the situation in the past
Spare us, yes, yes
Not counting my dedication to that bitch Liu Qingxue
As a result, he in turn
Pull that wild man against me
Cause me now
Spend the rest of your life in a wheelchair
I've lost even the most basic functions of a man
You still have the face to tell me love
Lin Shao, as long as you can save my Liu family's life
We are willing to offer up all our assets
Filial piety to you as a cow and a horse
Yeah, as long as you let us go
We would like you to do it right away
We will never give up
The Liu family father still doesn't like it
But you made an appointment early
This time the Xiao family dealt with Xiao Chen
Plan to kill
Wait until tonight's dinner
I will personally come out to correct that beast Xiao Chen
The evidence of fox and tiger power
But Master Xiao is afraid that I am not enough alone
We need more witnesses and physical evidence
And your Liu family
And that beast Xiao Chen are family
It would be perfect for you to come out and testify against him
Uh uh
We're all based on this call, yes, yes
It's all up to Dad
This is your last chance
As long as you correct it with me
Depressed that beast
Let him be doomed
I can leave you alone.